Zhang Ting, how are you?
I am Linsa
Zhang Ting
You scum
Where did you hide Zhang Ting?
I didn't expect him to treat you so badly.
You still care so much about his life
No matter how bad he is, he can't be worse than you scumbag
He saved my life when I was a kid
You won't be here by now
You still don't know the truth
He is such a selfish person
Can I risk my life to save you?
What do you mean?
Save me save me
Isn't this my favorite hairpin?
Help Me
Ah!
Tingting thank you
If it weren't for you, I would have fallen
My arm hurt when I just pulled you.
Don't be sad.
Haven't you always liked my hairpin?
Then give it to you.
Ah!
Ok forgive you
So you mean
He didn't try to save me in the first place.
It's for the hairpin on my head
You liar
Why should I believe you?
If he hadn't been showing off to my face
Can I know so much?
In fact, you already believe it
Just dare not admit it
I want to ask him clearly.
Don't worry.
Between us
There are still many things to do by yourself